This [MailMate](https://freron.com/) [bundle](https://github.com/mailmate/mailmate_manual/wiki/Bundles) allows the user to insert text templates into emails. Use cases are for when relatively standard replies are useful.

# Installation

To install this bundle, copy this entire directory to `~/Library/Application Support/MailMate/Bundles/` and relaunch MailMate. Go to the preferences window and check that the bundle is installed and active.

# Use

This bundle provides one command, `Insert text template`, which can be activated by pressing `Ctrl-t`. 

The first time the command is invoked, the user will be prompted to selected a root directory for the templates. (This directory is stored in the file `~/.texttemplate_config`, which can be deleted or edited if the user wants to change the root directory.)

When the command is invoked, the user is prompted to choose a text template file (extension should be `.txt`, `.md`, or variants, such as `.text`, `.mdown`, etc.). Once 

# License

This software is released under the MIT license.

Copyright 2025 Stephen Chong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.